SCRUM Team Agreement
Group Members (Last Name Alphabetical)
Ruofan Chen (Scrum Master), Rebecca Han, Shanni Li, Xinyu Liu, Juno Zhang
Communication
Discord (text chat)
Zoom (video chat)
Cell (emergency)
Google Doc (document sharing)
GitHub Repository (project sharing/modification/version control)
Daily Stand-Up
Via discord chat & zoom conferences
Logged by Scrum Master or self-recorded & updated to the GitHub repository
Sprints
Nov 16-27, and last week Nov 27-Dec 5
4 & 2 user stories should be taken & fulfilled per sprint respectively
It is possible that the workload for each member looks different for each sprint; if this is the case, please communicate if you would like someone to help
Typical Working Hours/Commitment
Due to different schedules, other than the required daily stand-up and weekly sprints, the working hours are flexible
Group members should try to work such that we obtain a good mark in the project
User Stories
1 As a student, I want to sign up and login to my account so that I can securely access my data. (Ruofan)
2 As a student, I want to view the list of courses I have taken and add to this list so that I can keep track of all the courses I have taken. (Shanni & Xinyu)
3 As a student, I want to generate a course timeline by providing courses I want to take so that I can plan my education accordingly. (Shanni & Xinyu)
4 As an admin, I want to login to my account so that I can securely manage course information. (Ruofan)
5 As an admin, I want to add a course and define its name, course code, offering sessions, and prerequisites so that a student’s timeline could be generated correctly. (Rebecca & Juno)
6 As an admin, I want to view the list of all courses and edit or delete any course in the list so that I can keep the course information up to date. (Rebecca & Juno)
Other rules
Please focus on the work when we are working; the earlier we can finish this, the more time we have later to modify/test it (or just relax!)
Opinions of all group members should be considered; however, please differentiate between suggestions (problem-based & with a tangible solution) and criticism (often people based & without a tangible solution)
If you say “no” to a proposed item, you’re expected to try to make it better
This is an open & respectful space; we will try to help each other out despite the fact that marks are based on individual contribution
If you are not catching up with something, feel free to tell the group about the situation; we will work something out!
If there are conflicts of ideas, please assume positive intent & try to resolve the issue professionally & calmly
When making group decisions, we can vote on the ideas/proposals
If there are problems with the project specifications, please ask & verify! It’s no biggie!
Questions regarding the project details can be asked through Piazza (more general questions), or can be assembled to be asked during in-person office hours (Mondays & Fridays)
I (Ruofan) can ask it for you if you can’t make it time-wise, but you have to explain your problem to me if I cannot understand what it is you are asking
